Add additional properties in person card component. (#7610)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/person-card.md

## Properties

> The component uses Microsoft Graph to provide additional details about the user. To define a user, you can either use the **person-query** property of `mgt-person` and indicate **inherit-details** as an attribute to pass on data to `mgt-person-card` as a template of `mgt-person`, or you can provide **user-id** or **person-query** property directly with `mgt-person-card`.

Reviewer: IMO, we should note here that by default, the person-card as used by the person component will get it's data from the person component and the developer does not need to do anything. However, if the developer decided to retemplate the person-card of the person, or use a standalone person-card, there are properties they can use

```suggestion
The component uses Microsoft Graph to provide additional details about the user. To define a user, you can either use the **person-query** property of `mgt-person` and indicate **inherit-details** as an attribute to pass on data to `mgt-person-card` as a template of `mgt-person`, or you can provide **user-id** or **person-query** property directly with `mgt-person-card`.
```

Author: So changing the hierarchy of 'either or' to 'by default and however'?

Reviewer: Pretty  much

## Properties

> The component uses Microsoft Graph to provide additional details about the user. By default, the `mgt-person-card` will get its data from the `mgt-person` component and the developer only need to provide **inherit-details** attribute. However, you can provide **user-id** or **person-query** property directly with `mgt-person-card` to get a standalone component.

Reviewer: I think this can be simplified

```suggestion
By default, the `mgt-person` component will pass person details to the `mgt-person-card` component. However, you can use the **user-id**, **person-query**, or **inherit-details** attributes to change this when templating the `mgt-person` component or when using the `mgt-person-card` component as a standalone component.
```
